


1)    Introduction
2)    About Previous Project
3)    Java 8 Features
4)    Steam API – how can we filter the list whose age is greater than 50.
5)    What is the use of default keyword and how we can us that in real time. Why cant we use Abstract class instead of interface with default method.
6)    OOPS
7)    What is Abstraction and real time example
8)    How to implement singleton class in java
9)    Explain the flow of Spring MVC
10)    How Spring Boot Project works
11)    Spring Security
12)    Junit
13)    Collection API
14)    How Hashmap works internally
15)    How Hashset works internally
16)    What is difference between hashmap and hashset in java
17)    Database frameworks
18)    Multithreading
19)    Difference between wait and sleep
20)    From which class we are calling wait  method
21)    SQL
22)    Difference between Stored Procedure and Function
 
23)    Difference between HashMap and ConcurrentHashMap. Which one is efficient in performance wise.
24)    Give me the real time example for abstract design pattern and factory pattern and which one is preferred .
25)    What will happen system.exit given in finally block
26)    What is the purpose of String pool. How its managed by JVM
27)    How to create immutable class.
28)    When we should use the private constructor
29)    What circular dependency exception. How to avoid circular dependency exception.  
30)    What is lambda expression
31)    Will able to throw exception inside lambda expression
32)    What are all the inbuilt function we have in functional interface 
33)    What is composition
34)    What is inversion of control.
35)    Why we need @Autowired instead of new operator.
36)    How spring is differ from spring boot.
37)    What are scope we have in spring
38)    I need only 2 beans for my application how should I achieve 
39)    Use of AOP Pattern
40)    Restful API is stateful or stateless?
41)    HTTP method and HTTP status code.
42)    Difference between stored procedure and function
43)    How to get second highest salary from the table
44)    Join Query experience.
 
 

*****Coding Test, Java 8 and Core Java:
 
1) String str = "thisisjustasampledata";
t:3
s:4
a:4... Print frequency of each character using Java 8 Streams
2) List<Employee> list = new ArrayList<Employee>();
     list.add(e1);
              list.add(e2);
              list.add(e3);
              list.add(e4);
              list.add(e5);
 
display employees whose age is <= 30 using streams API
display average salary of all employees using streams API
display employees whose name starts with "R"
3) what are intermediate and terminal operations and give examples.
4) what is the purpose of introducing DEFAULT methods in Java 8 and give examples of default methods available in Java 8 API
5) difference between Runnable and Callable and which one to prefer.
6) difference between extending Exception and RuntimeException class while defining custom exceptions
7) what are the ways to prevent thread execution
8) what is GC and what are the ways to make an object eligibe for GC?
9) few questions on Strings and SCP concept
10) what are the rules for creating your own immutable class
11) use comparator to sort a list of employee objects in descending order of their age
12) String[] cities = {"HYD", "CHE", "BAN", "MUM"};
List<String> list = cities.asList();
list.add("PUNE");sop(list); // output of the code snippet and explain how it works
13) fail safe vs fail fast collections and examples
14) rules for overriding and over loading
15) what is hash collision
16) contract b/w hashcode and equals
17) given a list of integer values and print them in descending order
 

****REST API:
1) Explain End-to-End flow of designing a REST API
2) how do you perform validations in REST API
3) how do you handle exceptions in REST API
4) explain how authentication is done while accessing REST API
5) what are idempotency and give examples for idempotent and non-idempotent methods
6) difference between PUT and PATCH methods
7) what are different status codes and how do you return them to consumer
 
*****Spring Boot:
1) what is auto-configuration and how is it different from component scan
2) difference between @Configuration and @Component
3) what is AOP and give an example
4) what are actuators and specify some endpoints
5) how do you handle exceptions in Spring Boot
6) how do you read property values from application.properties file
7) what is JPQL and few examples to write JPQL queries for some scenarios
8) what is the difference between CrudRepository and JpaRepository
9) how to connect to 2 different databases in Spring Boot
 
 
1. Default size of ArrayList ?
2. Internal working of Hashmap
3. Method Overriding - can we override static method ?
4. Method Overriding - Exceptions in Parent class and child class methods
5. Java 8 - Optional ? and coding question on optional
6. Java 8 - Stream API - Coding questions
7. Diff between Stream and Parallel Stream
8. Multithreading - synchronization
9. Concurrent collections
10. Diff between Hashmap and Concurrent Hashmap
 
 
 What are the features introduced in Java 8?
Given a List, how can you find the highest number using the Stream API?
How can you find the second-highest salary using an SQL query?
Explain the internal working of a HashMap.
What are the key features introduced in Java 17 and Java 21?
What is Docker?
What is the deployment process of your project?
How do you handle exceptions in your project?
Explain the execution flow of a Spring Boot application.
How do you write a custom query in your Spring Boot project?
